doc: revise zone concierge doc (round 1) (#1222)
babylonlabs-io/babylon: x/zoneconcierge/README.md

# ZoneConcierge

The Zone Concierge module is responsible for providing BTC staking integration

> functionalities for other consumer chains. It leverages the IBC protocol to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
functionalities for other Bitcoin Supercharged Networks (BSNs).
It leverages the IBC protocol to
```

> receive consumer chains' headers, and propagate BTC timestamps of those headers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
receive the BSN's headers, and propagates BTC timestamps of those headers
```

We can rename "consumer chain" to "BSN" in this PR as well.

and BTC-staking related information.

The Zone Concierge module synchronises the following information with consumer
chains via IBC packets:

> - **BTC Headers:** Babylon forwards BTC headers to consumer chains to keep their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BTC Headers:** Babylon Genesis forwards BTC headers to consumer chains to keep their
```

We can do this across the document

  BTC light clients in sync with Babylon's BTC light client. This allows
  consumer chains to independently verify BTC timestamps.
- **BTC Timestamps:** When a Babylon epoch is finalised, Babylon sends BTC
  timestamps to consumer chains. Each BTC timestamp contains:
  - The latest consumer chain header that was checkpointed in the finalised
    epoch
  - Recent BTC headers that extend the consumer's BTC light client
  - The finalised epoch's metadata and raw checkpoint
  - Proofs that the consumer header was included in the epoch and the epoch was
    properly sealed and submitted to Bitcoin
- **BTC Staking:** Babylon enables trustless Bitcoin staking for consumer chains
  by synchronising staking-related information between Bitcoin, Babylon and
  consumer chains. This allows BTC holders to stake their BTC to secure consumer
  chains without requiring any custodial solutions.

## Table of contents

> - [ZoneConcierge](#zoneconcierge)

Reviewer: Do we need this root section? It just indents everything else

  - [Hooks](#hooks)
    - [Indexing headers upon `AfterEpochEnds`](#indexing-headers-upon-afterepochends)
    - [Sending BTC timestamps upon `AfterRawCheckpointFinalized`](#sending-btc-timestamps-upon-afterrawcheckpointfinalized)
  - [Messages and Queries](#messages-and-queries)
  - [Consumer Chain Integration](#consumer-chain-integration)
    - [IBC Communication Protocol](#ibc-communication-protocol)
    - [Relaying BTC Headers](#relaying-btc-headers)
      - [Broadcasting headers](#broadcasting-headers)
      - [Selecting headers to be broadcast](#selecting-headers-to-be-broadcast)
    - [Relaying BTC Timestamps](#relaying-btc-timestamps)
      - [Triggering timestamp relay](#triggering-timestamp-relay)
      - [Broadcasting timestamps](#broadcasting-timestamps)
      - [Assembling timestamps](#assembling-timestamps)
      - [Cryptographic Proofs](#cryptographic-proofs)
    - [Propagating BTC Staking Events](#propagating-btc-staking-events)
      - [Broadcasting staking events](#broadcasting-staking-events)
      - [Processing event flow](#processing-event-flow)
      - [Registering consumers](#registering-consumers)
      - [Handling slashing](#handling-slashing)

> ## Concepts

Reviewer: Given that the entire section is removed, let's comment this header?

> TODO: describe BTC staking integration

Reviewer: Let's have this as a comment?
